so today we'll be unboxing the Logitech
G 19 keyboard and since I think this one
might actually take a little while I'm
going to get started right away just
cutting the seals here and I'm gonna try
and see if I can install it on my work
computer so that I can show some of the
cool features of this keyboard so I'm
going to need this let's see in box
number one which just kind of folds up
you'll find the let's undo the zip tie
here so what do we have here we have an
audio okay we have a USB cable and then
we have a oh this is a power cord okay
so it actually doesn't take all of its
power from just the USB cable for this
keyboard you actually need a separate
power dongle so I'm guessing that in
here yes we will find an AC adapter so
the setup for this thing seems pretty
pretty straightforward you take the AC
adapter plug it into the power adapter
there and that was fairly easy so let's
get the keyboard itself out pretty
shortly here we're actually filming this
at my desk so that I can compare against
the g15 g2 or Gen 2 sorry that I use day
today and plug it in to show some of the
cool cool enhancements they have made
over the previous generation g-series
keyboards so I think there's actually
some other stuff in the box here that I
wanted to show before we're quite
finished ah there we go on the bottom of
where the keyboard was you'll find the
wrist rest
I get that a package here so that clips
on just like actually I think this wrist
rest is identical almost identical to
the one I had on my old keyboard so
that's not particularly interesting and
then you'll find the Quick Start Guide
as well as a driver DVD so there we go
so let's get the keyboard itself plugged
in
put it up on the desk here and since I
don't have a powered USB port up at the
front I'm actually going to have to go
around to the back of my desk and plug
this in this is kind of awkward I guess
the cameraman can sort of zoom in on the
keyboard and show you stuff about it
while he's waiting for me to do this and
there we go
powers in and then I need to put the USB
in now there we go okay so is the
keyboard on do we have power I think we
have power
excellent so you can see here we're
installing the device driver software on
the computer and it's already giving me
the options on the keyboard itself -
let's see let's give people a look at
this so here we go generic USB hub
Logitech G 19 LCD human interface device
now there's quite a few cool things that
you can do with the LCD here you can
actually display a lot of the more
traditional stuff and you can use these
little buttons here to navigate so we
can show the LCD clock or we can go back
to the menu okay configure oh wow that's
cool okay here check this out we pressed
configure and it actually gives us a few
different options for the LCD clock so
if I switch in between all these have a
look at the LCD down here it actually
just changes it right in real time like
that I can just click around and show
them so that's uh that's pretty cool and
there's also a whole bunch of other
black and white options as well so let's
go back out of there so okay and then
we'll go into the menu no I'll go into
ah there we go so you can press this
little button right here and you can
switch to program so let's see let's
find something else there's a media
display you can look at pictures you can
watch movies I believe you can actually
watch YouTube videos on here as well
yeah here it is the video player for
YouTube and you can use it as a window
sideshow device now another really cool
thing about this keyboard is you can
actually change the lighting settings
and I'm not sure if we're going to be
able to figure that out in real time
here however it is possible we will be
able to do it I'm not a hundred percent
sure so here's our configuration for the
LCD our global settings let's talk a
little bit about the other random
features of this keyboard as well so it
uses actually the keys feel pretty
similar to the g15 but I've only looked
at it for a second you can see that
compared to the g15 Gen 2 the width is
about the same but you actually get more
macro keys so we've got 12 macro keys on
the G 19 and only 6 macro keys on the
g15 Gen 2 now you've got ah let me see
up here the Gen 2 has your volume
buttons like this as well as your media
buttons up here on the side of the LCD
whereas the new one I actually like the
system a lot better it's got the buttons
over here where you can more
conveniently reach them you know you're
not tinkering around up at the top and
it has like a volume wheel which is kind
of a cool way to be able to adjust the
volume another thing you can do with
this keyboard as I mentioned is you can
change the colors so you can turn your
backlight on and off and you can also
change the colors in terms of different
zones I not really sure how to do that
but anyway I think that pretty much
covers the keyboard overall thank you
for checking out my unboxing video on
the Logitech G 19